Laravel Practice Assignment
   
Task:

Task 1:
Create a new Laravel project named "MigrationAssignment" using the Laravel command-line interface.

Task 2:
Within the project, create a new migration file named "create_products_table" that will be responsible for creating a table called "products" in the database. The "products" table should have the following columns:

id: an auto-incrementing integer and primary key.


name: a string column to store the product name.


price: a decimal column to store the product price.


description: a text column to store the product description.


created_at: a timestamp column to store the creation date and time.


updated_at: a timestamp column to store the last update date and time.


Task 3:
After creating the migration file, run the migration to create the "products" table in the database.


 
Task 4:
Modify the existing migration file "create_products_table" to add a new column called "quantity" to the "products" table. The "quantity" column should be an integer column and allow null values.


Task 5:
Create a new migration file named "add_category_to_products_table" that will be responsible for adding a new column called "category" to the "products" table. The "category" column should be a string column with a maximum length of 50 characters.

Task 6:
After creating the new migration file, run the migration to add the "category" column to the "products" table.

Task 7:
Create a new migration file named "create_orders_table" that will be responsible for creating a table called "orders" in the database. The "orders" table should have the following columns:

id: an auto-incrementing integer and primary key.


product_id: an unsigned integer column to establish a foreign key relationship with the "id" column of the "products" table.


quantity: an integer column to store the quantity of products ordered.


created_at: a timestamp column to store the creation date and time.


updated_at: a timestamp column to store the last update date and time.


Task 8:
After creating the migration file for the "orders" table, run the migration to create the "orders" table in the database


Submission:

1. Create a new fresh Laravel Project

2.Do your assignment

3.Push the project in github

4.Submit public GitHub URL